well howdy there Internet people its Bo
again so the President of the United
States was asked a question at a press
conference the reporter asked him what
he had to say to Americans who were
afraid President Trump responded in true
president trumped fashion he insulted
the reporter said he was being
sensationalist that was not a
sensationalist question that was a
softball question designed to get a
soundbite answer it was the president's
opportunity to give one of those movie
style speeches and inspire the American
people the American people are afraid
and that's okay you're allowed to be
afraid right now you're allowed to be
scared it's perfectly normal fear in
some ways is good it gives you the
motivation to take the precautions you
need to stay alive fear can be good
panic is the enemy panic is something
you're not allowed to do you're not
allowed to do it one because it's
self-defeating and - because you're an
American it boggles the mind
this is the one time when American
exceptionalism can be used for something
good and nobody's bringing it up you
live and one of the wealthiest most
powerful countries on the planet we are
incredibly resource rich we are
incredibly diverse we will get through
this we live in the greatest country on
the earth you've heard that your whole
life why why do we say that it's
certainly not based on any statistics
it's based on an attitude it's based on
the achievements of those who came
before us we won World War two so when
it's in our history books we did that we
you and I because we were there right
you know it's us taking a collective
pride in things that we had nothing to
do with taking pride in that reputation
now we're being asked to earn that
reputation not by our country but by the
world there are a lot of countries out
there that are looking to the United
States for leadership and it is sorely
lacking and yeah a lot of the tough guy
media personalities are on Twitter right
now having mental breakdowns but that's
fine because let's be honest they
weren't really part of us anyway were
they when people celebrate America
that's not what they're celebrating
people talk about the United States
they're talking about the working class
they're panicking because they've never
dealt with anything like this they've
never been in a situation like that they
haven't faced hard times you have your
neighbor has we'll get through this we
are not being asked to storm the beaches
we're not being sent to Iwo Jima we're
being sent to go watch Netflix and then
we have those people who are out there
providing essential services and they're
doing their jobs and they're remaining
calm and they're conveying calm to
everybody else we're going to get
through this we are the United States we
thrive on chaos no we don't know how
long it's gonna last the troops may not
be home by Christmas but that's okay
because we're going to remain calm even
in the absence of real leadership we can
lead ourselves anyway it's just a
thought y'all have a good night